NAME                  STATUS   AGE
a-adxamov             Active   4d23h
a-maxmudov            Active   2d11h
a-taniqulov           Active   47h
a-yusupov             Active   5d1h
d-nurmatov            Active   23h
default               Active   5d1h
f-nabiyev             Active   4d6h
ingress-nginx         Active   5d1h
kube-node-lease       Active   5d1h
kube-public           Active   5d1h
kube-system           Active   5d1h
m-fayziev             Active   3d2h
practice-d-xolmatov   Active   3m1s
practice-doston       Active   5m58s
practice-fazliddin    Active   74s
r-kodirov             Active   119m
s-khomidov            Active   120m
s-madatov             Active   4d17h
t-muxtorov            Active   47h
x-baxromov            Active   4d23h
x-namozov             Active   2d7h
z-vakhobov            Active   47h
